value receiving functions 
looping(for, while, do while)
expressions(< , > , <=,  >=)(relational expressions)

 
For completing the workshop number 2 the following important topics were covered: firstly, we learned one of the essential parts of programming called "Looping". Looping is the best method which allows us to repeat a specific process as much as we need in our program without typing it several times. Actually, there are 3 types of loops in C language: "for", "while" and "do while". In order to accomplish the workshop the "while" and "for" loops were used, but "for" loop only were used inside of a nested loop, to be exact in diy part of the workshop. Hovewer, we learned how to store a values inside of the functions. Both lab and diy part were completed by using this function, (in lab part for the lines, in diy part for drawign the given shapes). The third topic named ralational expressions (<, >, <=, >=, !=) were learned in order to work with the loops. There was a big issue that i encoutered with while doing the diy part. Inside of the nested loop i used "while" loop to get a given output, but my output was incorrect. Moreover the code was right. I solved the issue by changing the while loop to for and the output became correct.

The following crucial topic were covered to wrap up workshop number 2: First, we studied "Looping," one of the fundamental components of programming. The ideal technique of  “Looping” enables us to repeat a particular procedure as much as necessary in our programme without having to type it out repeatedly. The C programming language has three different forms of loops: "for," "while", and "do while." The "while" and "for" loops were used to complete the workshop, however only the "for" loop was utilised inside of a nested loop, namely in the workshop's DIY section.  However, we gained knowledge of how to save values inside of functions. Using this function, we accomplished both the lab and the DIY part (in lab part for the lines, in diy part for drawign the given shapes). To work with loops, the third topic, relational expressions (, >, =, >=,!=), was studied. When I was performing the DIY component, I ran into a significant problem. I utilised a "while" loop inside the nested loop to obtain a specified output, but my output was inaccurate. Moreover, the coding was accurate. By switching the while loop to a for loop, I was able to fix the problem and get the desired results.